hello everyone in this video we will be
taking a look at spree
the movie is about a kid looking for
social media fame but when he can't get
it he goes as far as to kill people for
viewers
the movie starts off with kurt who
always does something for people to
watch online
he is always live streaming video games
or making youtube videos
although he is not famous he is still
very motivated to provide entertainment
however his old friend bobby is famous
kurt used to babysit bobby and now he is
known all around as bobby base camp
bobby is the type of person that lets
fame get to their head
we see that kurt has been doing videos
for 10 years and is almost out of
motivation
before he completely stops he decides to
teach people how to gain an online
following
on his phone he opens up an app called
spree and begins another journey towards
fame
he will be recording himself while
driving people around to their
destination
we see kurt pick someone up when he
looks around at all the cameras
curt persuades the man to have a bottle
of water when we learn that kurt
actually poisoned the water
seconds later the man dies in the back
of the car from the poison
kurt only has one viewer and it's bobby
after seeing the man die bobby thinks
it's fake as would most people
kurt is on his way to pick up his next
victim and he explains that he wants
people to think the killings are fake
kurt picks up a realtor and she drinks
right from the water bottle dying
seconds later
kurt cleans up the dead body and picks
up his next victim mario
mario decided to get a ride with another
person named jessie
after seeing mario and kurt jesse
decides to cancel the ride but
eventually gets in
mario realizes that jesse is a famous
comedian which immediately gets kurt's
attention
starts to ask her all about how she got
famous while mario is annoying her
she decides to exit the vehicle so she
can get away from mario and kurt
kurt tells mario to get out of his car
so when he is turned away kurt runs him
over
after cleaning up the body kurt searches
for jesse and realizes she has a show
that night
kurt sees that he still only has a few
viewers and one of them is bobby we see
that bobby has been uploading viral
videos where he pranks homeless people
with fake money
kurt picks up his next group and starts
to drive recklessly to gain more viewers
on his stream
the two in the back stand in the sunroof
when curt closes it and they both get
eaten alive by a dog in the junkyard
the person in the front seat dies when
she gets drilled in the face by kurt
kurt asks if bobby saw the three people
he killed
but bobby wasn't watching his stream
bobby tells kurt to be more like jessie
because she is authentic
when kurt is watching jessie's live
stream we see kurt arrive at bobby's
house at the exact same time jessie
opens up her door
bobby gets mad at kurt because kurt
thinks they're friends
also kurt thinks bobby owes him
something because he used to babysit him
after kurt gains more viewers he takes
out a knife and brutally stabs bobby
until he's dead
after cleaning up the body kurt gets a
lot of viewers by hosting himself on
bobby's channel
kurt's dad then texts him asking him for
a ride
when kurt's dad mentions a famous person
that will be at the party he's going to
kurt jumps in the car in hopes of
getting more fame
they arrive at the party and we see that
kurt's dad only has a few viewers and
the famous person has thousands
kurt asks her for a shout out and she
says she will if he gives her a ride to
a taco truck
kurt gets her a taco and she takes
selfies with the gun that bobby had
when she's done she drinks the water
kurt has in his car
when he returns he realizes what
happened and tries to dispose of the
poisoned water
the cops see him and take him out to be
questioned
randomly the girl wakes up and shoots
one of the cops in the head allowing
kirk to get away
the cops catch up to him and he now has
even more viewers
while driving by homeless people he
crashes his car and all the while jesse
is driving to her comedy performance
we see jesse is about to perform and
kurt is there with a gun
after her performance kurt gets a
notification that he has been suspended
from the app that allows him to drive
people around and kill them
he then gets a ride from another person
and kills them off screen
jesse leaves a bar and gets a ride with
kurt unknowingly
when kurt reveals he was her driver
earlier she tries to reach help on her
phone
kurt was at her show and knows her phone
won't work because she broke it on stage
suddenly jesse grabs a cord and starts
to choke kurt
kurt gets out of it and knocks jesse out
with a single punch
he takes jessie's body and drops it off
in his front yard and asks his viewers
what he should do with her
his viewers want him to kill her so he
prepares to run her over
kurt looks away and realizes jesse is
gone so he steps out of his car
jesse is able to get in his car and
starts to drive toward him but crashes
into his house allowing kurt to escape
into another room
kurt's dad shows up and is confused
about the whole situation
this allows kurt to grab his gun and
shoot his father multiple times
jessie is able to get into the car but
when she can't go in reverse she decides
to drive kurt into the wall
jesse kills kurt by beating him with his
phone that is still streaming
this is how the movie ends and don't
forget to drop a like
let me know if you like this content and
feel free to watch some of my other
videos